# Life in Barcelona
Everything you need to know about living in Barcelona! __working short title and desc__

## IMPORTANT
**This info below is atm only for contributors!**

## What is the purpose of the project?
At first to be an important resource for the WA group for repetitive questions, help requests, recommendations or important information. Later on it could be integrated with other tools and could even become an useful online resource in English, mainly dedicated for people living in Barcelona.

## Integration with Go## ogle Docs/Drive
Probably easiest way to stick and offer the interaction with the community would be to integrate GitHub Pages with Google Docs (just started to search for some solutions, and there are some - @Uriel share some data if you have more info)

## What is the content structure?
* **Index page** - with short description about the project (or link to it), links to other pages and resources, important contact and pinned info about the community (WhatsApp) and other important events *
* **Recommendation page** - linked with various spreadsheets (restos, bars, beaches, gestors, etc.) generated by the WA group and collaborators (http://data.hackeducation.com/2017/07/28/how-to) *
* **How-to's** - links to explained most important administrative and legal procedures like How to apply for NIE removal, eSalut card, Covid EU Certificate, etc. (could be probably linked to some generated Gdocs pages - need to verify if this is possible) *
* **Promo page** - page that offers buy/sale ads, job offers, etc (still not sure the best way to integrate this, and for now only to be available for Group Members where we could verify the user) *
* **Suggestions** - a way of contact area where people can share their suggestions, and contact info! *

## What do we already have and what do we want to build?
We should have most of basic data, and if we connect GitHub pages with the Google Docs/Spreadsheets we could have even easier way to update things more frequently. However, still need to reconsider access permissions, particular roles and deploy procedures in order to avoid trolling or inappropriate content. 

## Contributors involved and roles
Please explain in short what could be your role in the project, your expertise, the time you can spend on this and role you suppose to have ...

* Brata - Github user: 08005  - I am pretty much time limited for daily interaction with this project, but would be ready to put some initial effort until we have it up. However, it could be pretty much interesting project and could widen collaboration in other topics. I already have some interesting business topics to discuss that could be related to this, so IMO this could be a nice foundation for some other projects or could be improved into something bigger. Since I was involved as a project manager/owner in some large web community projects in the past and still working on some, I could voluntarily provide some essential know-how, ideas on how to move forward, expand and even work on concepts and ideas to monetize the project. Some of my expertise include: web community platform & content management, project management, project monetization, ad management (programmatic, direct), SEO, layout design and coding, content management, agile software development, etc. Basically, my role could be in development and content management, as well as planning and global management, but still cannot promise to spend more than few hours weekly on the project. *
* Uriel - __write some text__ *
* Owen - __write some text__ *

__Anything else missing for now??? Write down your ideas/suggestions ....__
